To install all pakages that i have used in the project use this command line 

"""   pip install -r requirement.txt    """


The Explanation of the Code:-

The given Python script is designed to scrape product details from an e-commerce website using the requests and BeautifulSoup libraries.
It prompts the user to enter a URL, fetches the webpage content, and extracts relevant product information such as the product name, price, description, and review count. 
The extracted data is then saved in a CSV file named Details.csv for further analysis.

First, the script imports the necessary libraries: requests for making HTTP requests, BeautifulSoup for parsing HTML content, and csv for writing data to a CSV file.
It then takes a user input URL and sends a GET request using requests.get(url).
The response text is passed to BeautifulSoup, specifying "lxml" as the parser to process the HTML structure efficiently.
The script then searches for specific elements using CSS classes associated with product names, prices, descriptions, and reviews using soup.find_all().

To ensure proper data extraction, the script iterates through the lists of extracted elements, ensuring all have the same length.
A CSV file is created using the csv.DictWriter, and headers such as "Product_Name," "Price," "Description," and "Review" are written first.
Inside a loop, each product's extracted details are cleaned using .text.strip() to remove unwanted spaces before being written to the CSV file.
Finally, a success message is displayed to indicate that the data has been successfully stored.

This script is useful for web scraping tasks where structured product data is required for further processing or analysis.
However, it assumes that all extracted lists will have the same length.
If any element is missing from the webpage, it may result in an IndexError.
To improve robustness, additional error handling and validation should be implemented, such as checking if the extracted elements exist before accessing them.